Docs: Add adaptive client list entries to planned enhancements (#317)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-T17-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

| [**Help**](#viewing-help--help)                                   | `help`                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| [**Note**](#adding-a-note-to-a-client--note)                      | `note INDEX [NOTE]` <br> e.g. <br> `note 2 Sprained right ankle in the past`                                                                                                                        |
| [**Weight**](#adding-or-removing-weight-of-a-client--weight)      | `WEIGHT INDEX [WEIGHT]` <br> e.g. <br> `weight 3 70`                                                                                                                                                |
## **Appendix: Planned Enhancements**

**1. Adaptive client list entries**

The client list will always show the most important information at a glance. To reduce clutter, each entry of the client list will only show the following fields, each in a single line.
  * Name
  * Tags
  * Phone Number

> Fields that exceed the length of the entry would be clipped. Complete information can always be viewed in the client details panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields that exceed the length of the line would be truncated. Complete information can always be viewed in the client details panel.
```
